All the restaurant staff is on edge, some
are about to get the axe, while others
might climb the corporate ladder.
No one in the whole place knows their
destiny for certain.
Some are jumping for joy, others are
biting their nails, and a few are already
in tears.
They all know they were put under the
microscope, but what they don't know is
how they were judged.
It was a hush -hush evaluation.
You remember the last story we saw?
Let's review it.
A diner at a high -end restaurant is
acting all high and mighty while ordering
food from the waiter.
Before serving the food, the waiter
secretly adds a pinch of salt, spits on
it, and then throws the chef under the bus.
The chef was sweating bullets, worried
he'd get the boot.
Now back to today's event.
What the waiter and the chef didn't know
is that the salty customer they once met
is the one who called the shots at the
restaurant and was testing his staff.
Both the waiter and the chef got the axe.